Charles Dickens in his Tale of Two
Cities opened the book with it was the
best of times it was the worst of times
and 200 years later it's the best time
ever it's the worst time ever it's both
the public is ill they're overweight in
their ill over the age of 30 almost
everybody in this country is sick
two-thirds of the people are overweight
well over 30 percent are on medication
over the age of 30 and about half have
risk factors like high cholesterol high
blood pressure high blood sugar that
predict that they're gonna have a less
than ideal life we have a classification
called morbid obesity there now coming
up with one called morbidly more but
obviously we're getting fat we are the
fattest people in the history of the
world and we're getting fatter my father
was a police officer it was just
something he he kind of wanted me to do
right after the first two years on the
job I guess I kind of let my guard down
and I got up to 215 pounds I was heavy
my whole life I had I had followed your
powdered muscle drinks and thinking that
that was you know what I should be you
know the side of that you know you get a
tub this big in the side of it the
ingredients are like this and you know
you don't even know what's in there it
looks like the same ingredients that are
in like something you'd find underneath
the kitchen sink the biggest obstacle I
think right now to the average person
that wants to get healthy is that it's
been portrayed as something that's very
complex that you have to be really well
educated to understand or to follow and
that it's expensive and that you know
you
it requires the the use of extensive
supplements or these so-called magic
potions and in fact it's the simplest
thing we could ever follow like thank my
lucky stars that whatever it is a Cayman
look-alike made me try this because it's
the best thing I have in my life it's
this way and I'm not telling you that
I'm right I don't know if I'm right I
can tell you how I feel but what I find
out that everybody else goes on is just
what they've been told all their life if
you could eat the way I eat for a month
if I could just force you to eat the way
I eat for a month
you'd never eat anyway again
you